say pit stop
stay back
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain downrange this movie tells
the story of a group of friends who are
stranded on a desolate country road
they then found themselves mercilessly
picked off by an unseen sniper
can they get out of the most dangerous
road
let's find out in downrange
downrange begins by showing a car
containing six youths who experience a
tire burst in the middle of the road
as a result of the accident one of the
women named jody suffered a collision in
the head
in the group there are karen sarah jeff
todd and eric
the six youths were on their way to a
city to attend jody's sister's birthday
party
jody said that her house is located in a
quiet remote area that's why they rarely
see cars that pass on the street
in the end todd replaced the tire with a
spare tire jeff and eric also helped out
sarah then took the initiative to invite
her friends to take selfies to be
uploaded on her social media but because
they were in a very remote place she
didn't get reception at all
she couldn't give up and walked a few
yards away from the car for a signal
finally she got the signal
todd was still busy fixing his tires
while the other girls rested
eric then went to the bushes to pee
sarah then followed karen and jody who
were taking shelter beside the car
seeing the women who were resting todd
quickly followed and left jeff alone
busy changing car tires jeff looked
quite troubled that's when he found
bullet casings on the asphalt road
eric had finished peeing and went back
to his friends but just tires rolled and
todd immediately ran to save it
sarah approached jeff who was left busy
alone but she was shocked when she saw
jeff's condition which was dead with a
leaking head it was as if a bullet had
just pierced his brain
she was so shocked she couldn't even say
anything and could only stare
meanwhile todd tries to bring back the
tires he managed to save
but sarah can feel a blood flow in her
hand without realizing it she had just
been hit by a shot right in the eyeball
karen and jody who saw sarah's condition
were in shock but before they could say
anything another shot had saw his head
and killed her
karen realized the danger that alert
them so without thinking she immediately
told all her friends to lie down and
take cover behind the car
todd who still didn't understand what
was happening tried to run towards the
car but a bullet hit him right in the
left shoulder
meanwhile eric was far from the car and
immediately ran and managed to take
cover behind a trunk
the scene turned thrilling as one by one
gunshot aimed at them they could only
rely on the car as a shelter
now they realize that a gunshot from
that mysterious person must have caused
their broken tire
some time later they still couldn't get
out of the car they were hiding in
karen whose father is a former military
officer believes that the shooter used a
silencer that's why they didn't hear the
gunshots
in addition sarah thinks that the
shooter was far enough away because the
fired bullets could not penetrate the
car
todd couldn't do much because of the
wound on his shoulder
meanwhile eric could only stay behind a
tree trunk alone
according to jody actually the car tires
that jeff has replaced have already been
installed
but they still can't use the car because
the bolts haven't been tightened but
they knew that if they came out of
hiding they would definitely be shot
they're stuck there
even though they have cell phones there
is no signal at their current place
karen said if it was not far from their
position she got a signal which means
they have to get out of the car
todd then tried his luck he got to the
back of the car and pulled out his cell
phone but it's still too far away and
still no signal
jody then gave todd a selfie stick
karen also has set google assistant on
her cell phone so that it immediately
calls the police when it gets a signal
todd held out his phone
sure enough they managed to get a signal
but the phone was immediately shot with
bullet casings the cell phone was broken
todd is not at his wit's end
with his car keys he wants to put the
car in neutral to ship to a location
where there is a signal
finally they work together to deceive
the mysterious sniper
jody was at the front holding out her
cell phone to record the direction the
shot was coming from
meanwhile karen was in the back using
her jacket to pretend to be human
with shaking hands todd tried to open
the car door and tried to get inside and
sure enough the scarecrow that karen was
holding was shot
todd immediately got into the car and
entered the car keys
but gunfire continued to aim at them
until todd immediately got out of the
car and had not had time to neutralize
the car's teeth
fortunately thanks to jody's tape they
now know where the shots came from
according to jody the shot came from the
top of a tree
it looks like someone is holding a
sniper and amy and right at them
jody and her friends did not understand
the shooter's motive why was he up in
the tree and trying to kill him
todd was still trying to figure out how
to get out of the situation when he saw
his car's toolbox
he quickly ran and managed to take the
box
todd used the tool cover as a shield to
protect his hands
on the other hand eric can only take
cover behind a tree without knowing his
friends planning
todd was now ready to get back into the
car he got a shield in his hand
he instructs jody and karen to get ready
to push the car
with alacrity todd went straight in and
managed to change the car's gear to
neutral but the sniper aimed and managed
to shoot his hand
fortunately the car was successfully
driven and began to decline
however the downhill road made the car
move so fast that jody had to bounce
now she has no protection anymore
meanwhile once again the sniper shot
right at the tire of their car and made
the car come to a complete stop
that's when karen realized that it was
time for jody to run and hide behind the
car again she was sure the sniper was
reloading his bullets eric immediately
got up and ran to his friends but his
leg was hit by a shot now eric can't
walk and he starts getting shot multiple
times
surprisingly the sniper didn't kill him
right away as if he wanted to make him
suffer pain
sometime later todd found a water bottle
in the car
he then shared the water with his
friends
eric was about to drink when a bullet
shot through his hand
now he's getting worse and worse
they couldn't do anything and could only
wait todd looked at sarah his girlfriend
who was getting eaten by the crows
anger was rising inside him he got to
his feet and unprotected he walked
towards sarah
oddly enough the shooter didn't fire at
all this time
todd walked over to sarah and kissed her
forever he held sarah's hand still not
willing to lose his girlfriend meanwhile
eric who couldn't move his body saw a
wolf walking towards him
now he can do anything because he would
surely become the food of the hungry
wolves todd who has lost hope challenges
the sniper to shoot him
suddenly he saw a car speeding towards
them
he immediately shouted at the car but
the sniper started shooting him
the wolf heard the sound of the gun and
immediately ran away now todd dies right
next to sarah's corpse
karen and jody could not do much and
could only wait for the car that
approaching them
the woman behind the wheel saw jody and
karen waving but a bullet directly hit
her hand the car began to lose control
until it hit todd's car and caused an
accident the woman's daughter was even
thrown out of the car
the woman in the car was seriously
injured with blood all over her body but
the sniper had aimed at her and was
ready to kill her
meanwhile her husband tries to save his
daughter but karen and jody screamed and
asked him to stay where he was he was
their only hope because he could call
the police from where he was
the man then took out his cell phone and
tried to call the police
meanwhile the sniper couldn't see the
man so he started shooting at the car
until the tank leaked with one shot the
car exploded and burned the man alive
the man died
meanwhile their daughter is still alive
the sniper immediately shot her and she
died on the spot
now karen and jody can't do anything and
have to watch the death of their friends
in a family they even doubted that
another car would pass by to save them
finally karen has an idea
according to her they had to wait for
the night because it would be harder for
the sniper to see them among the smoke
tonight arrived the great thing is that
the shooter is still in his position and
still aiming his rifle at karen and jody
karen began to launch her plan she gets
in the car and starts tearing up the
seat
meanwhile jody managed to find a box of
gas and some drinks from the car's trunk
by using some clothes from the box jody
and karen make emergency masks
jody starts dousing the car with
gasoline while karen burns a newspaper
with a lighter
finally they managed to set the car on
fire and thick smoke began to fill the
air
and sure enough thanks to the smoke that
came out of the cars the sniper's vision
was now so disturbed that it was
difficult for him to look at jody and
karen
that's when karen saw a police car
driving towards them
they believe the police came thanks to a
call from the man
meanwhile it turns out that the police
have also brought two sniper teams that
are ready to look for the shooter
the police felt that the conditions in
the place were not good so he called for
more police assistance to come and help
but the police did not expect if a
bullet would target right in his mouth
the policeman fell and stepped on the
gas
the car went so fast that the two
snipers behind it were thrown away
the police car is now speeding without
direction
karen realized this was the right time
for them to run away but jody was still
scared
karen finally decided to run alone
unfortunately the smoke that emerged
from the burning car was starting to
thin out and sure enough karen was hit
by a shot and died jody then ran to the
police car not far from where she was
that's when the snipers from the police
started shooting the mysterious sniper
in the distance
but it turned out that the mysterious
sniper was skilled and managed to shoot
the policeman to death
jody had no other choice but to get into
the police car and speed towards the
only tree where the sniper was hiding
she was also shot in the chest but jody
managed to hit the tree until the sniper
was farthest with his foot stuck in the
tree
jody crawled and grabbed the fallen
weapon meanwhile the sniper tried to cut
the rope that tied him to the tree
now jody is cornered even though she has
a rifle in her hand
luckily she managed to shoot the man
many times until the man fell
jody tried to fire at the man again but
her rifle caught
she then hit the man in the head and
crushed him on the hill to the rifle
jody could see many scratches
now she realized that was the number of
victims this psychopathic man had shot
out of anger jody tries to hit the
psychopath on the head again
unfortunately the rifle shot her right
in the neck
now she must die with splattered blood
the movie ends
[Music]
so you